Ok, me alegra que hayas llegado hasta
aquí y espero que en este test nos vaya
muy bien.
So, aquí yo te voy a hacer las preguntas
y tú vas a responder, ¿ok?
Yo voy a hacer las preguntas y tú vas a responder.
¿Listo?
Después de eso, tú me vas a también
devolver la pregunta y yo te la voy a responder.
Pretty good.
Hey, how are you?
Oh, nice.
I'm good, thanks.
And tell me, what's your name?
Pretty cool.
I'm Sarah.
Where are you from?
Alright, I'm from Peru.
How old are you?
Oh, pretty cool.
I'm 35.
Where do you live?
Nice, I live in Texas.
What do you do?
Well, I'm a doctor.
Now, where do you work?
Well, I work at a hospital.
And tell me, what's your favorite color?
Cool, mine's red.
What's your favorite hobby?
Cool, mine's reading books.
What's your favorite food?
Great, mine's Mexican food.
And what's your favorite movie
?
Well, I don't have a favorite movie.
And what's your favorite book?
I don't have a favorite book.
Tell me, what time is it?
Ah, great, great.
Yeah, here, it's 9 .30 a .m.
I need your help.
Can you please help me?
Thank you so much.
Sure, I can help you.
What do you think about money?
Pretty nice.
Well, I think that money is really
important for living a good life.
Tell me, what will you do tomorrow?
Well, work.
And do you have any plans for the weekend?
Interesting.
Well, I'm going to travel to Mexico.
Do you like to play?
Great, I love to play too.
And I play basketball.
Do you love to eat?
Cool, I love to eat.
And do you like to sleep?
Yeah, I like to sleep a lot.
And what do you do in your free time?
Pretty interesting.
Well, in my free time, I read books, I
listen to music, and I talk to friends.
What's your phone number?
All right, all right, pretty good.
My phone number is 12345768.
Tell me, what's your email address?
My email address is sarah at chocoenglish .com.
And tell me, how was your day?
Well, my day was good too.
And how was your weekend?
Mine was really bad.
I couldn't do much.
And who's your best friend?
All right, my best friend is my cousin, Marta.
Do you have siblings?
Great, I have five siblings.
Two brothers and three sisters.
And tell me, do you have children?
Well, I have two kids, a boy and a girl.
And do you have friends?
Yep, I got friends too.
A lot, a lot of friends.
How many siblings do you have?
Pretty cool.
How many children do you have
? How many friends do you have
?
Cool, cool, loved it.
Are you married?
All right, are you single?
Are you engaged?
Oh, pretty interesting.
Please, I would like to know a little bit
about you.
Oh, that's a pretty cool description.
It sounds awesome.
And when's your birthday?
Pretty good.
My birthday is in May 1st.
Oh.
¡Gracias!